Reorg of ECS Content (#8436)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/amazon_ecs/apm.md

Datadog.configure do |c|
  c.tracer hostname: Net::HTTP.get(URI('http://169.254.169.254/latest/meta-data/local-ipv4'))
end
{{< /code-block >}}

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Go" %}}

{{< code-block lang="go" >}}
package main

import (
    "net/http"
    "io/ioutil"
    "gopkg.in/DataDog/dd-trace-go.v1/ddtrace/tracer"
)

resp, err := http.Get("http://169.254.169.254/latest/meta-data/local-ipv4")
        bodyBytes, err := ioutil.ReadAll(resp.Body)
        host := string(bodyBytes)
  if err == nil {
        //set the output of the curl command to the DD_Agent_host env
        os.Setenv("DD_AGENT_HOST", host)
        // tell the trace agent the host setting
        tracer.Start(tracer.WithAgentAddr(host))
        defer tracer.Stop()
{{< /code-block >}}

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Java" %}}

Copy this script into the `entryPoint` field of your ECS task definition, updating the values with your application jar and argument flags.

{{< code-block lang="json" >}}
"entryPoint": [
  "sh",
  "-c",
  "export DD_AGENT_HOST=$(curl http://169.254.169.254/latest/meta-data/local-ipv4); java -javaagent:/app/dd-java-agent.jar <APPLICATION_ARG_FLAGS> -jar <APPLICATION_JAR_FILE/WAR_FILE>"
]
{{< /code-block >}}

> For more examples of how to set the Agent hostname in other languages, refer to the [change agent hostname documentation][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more examples of setting the Agent hostname in other languages, refer to the [change agent hostname documentation][1].
```
